# Serve-India
App Demo Link:https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1DW_yYrSC4WfHkIWZL-YWwHQya3kHz1_6?usp=sharing

 The proposed appilication aims at providing help to an orphan, an uneducated child, old men in showing a way to their respective places which may be an orphanage, old age home. The user will capture the picture of the needy and pins the location and selects the category of needy. Once the category is selected the information is sent to orphanages, old age homes, and NGOs based on categories regarding the person. Sponsors can also sponsor by easily knowing about the organization and its actions. Also In order to get the required blood group in the blood bank nearby, the person must manually visit all the blood banks which can be resolved by this app. Food wastage can also be controlled by donating that food to orphanages. Once the help has arrived the greetings are sent to the user.
All the users, orphanages, old age homes NGOs sponsors must register with this app. Once the user clicks a picture, pins location, and selects the category the information is sent to the orphanage/old age homes. The details of orphanages and old age homes are sent to sponsors. The information of uneducated children is sent to NGOs.
The snap of remnants of food in any party is captured and the location is pinned, this information is sent to all the orphanages and old age homes nearby the person who is nearby can take the food. This app provides the contact numbers and addresses of the blood banks nearby so that the person can know whether blood is available nearby and get it.

